♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Chase]
"Pups Turn On the Lights."
[wind blowing]
Almost there.
It sure is windy today.
It's just us, Rubble and Skye.
Can we help?
Sure. There's still tons to do
for Chase's surprise birthday party.
Streamers away.
Cool! [laughs]
Launch!
[meows]
Sorry, Cali.
Hmph!
[all laugh]
[Rocky] If Chase's party
is half as fun as decorating,
it'll be awesome!
Next up, the birthday cake.
Who's making sure
Chase doesn't surprise us
-while we set up his surprise party?
-Yeah?
-Marshall.
-[all] Marshall?!
Sure. Marshall can keep a secret.
Can't he?
Come on, Chase. Let's go slide.
But, Marshall, we just played on the slide
a few minutes ago.
Oh, yeah. Um… let's--
Is something wrong, Marshall?
[chuckles] Wrong? Why?
It's not like I have
a big secret I'm not supposed to tell.
Whoa! [grunts]
[chuckles] I'm good.
[laughs]
Wow, it's so windy.
Maybe we should go find
Ryder and the pups.
No! No, I mean… uh… It's so nice outside.
Whoa! [grunts]
[both]
Whoa!
Whoa! [grunts]
It really is windy.
[both laugh]
[meows]
What happened?
[barks]
All the lights on the street are out.
What happened, Ryder?
Hmm… There's plenty of wind
to turn the windmill.
I wonder if the turbine broke.
[Katie] Broke?
If the lights are out on Main Street,
something must be wrong
with one of the windmill turbines.
Without electricity,
my electric cake mixer won't work.
And we won't have any music.
Or lights.
And maybe no surprise party for Chase.
-[whimpers]
-No party?
No way. We're going to throw
Chase a party no matter what.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
An emergency!
I'll bet it has something to do
with all this heavy wind! Come on!
[Marshall] Check it out!
For once, I'm going to be
the first one in the elevator.
Marshall, wait!
No electricity means…
[groans]
Never mind.
No electricity means
the Lookout doors won't open automatically.
I'd better tell the other pups.
[Skye] Yay!
[barking]
Uh, pups,
the Lookout doors aren't working.
But our gear is in the Lookout.
Don't worry. We'll get our gear.
Rocky, screwdriver, please.
One screwdriver! [barks]
[grunts]
You can do it, Ryder.
Here…
we… [grunts] …go!
-[all cheer]
-Yay, Ryder!
Okay, pups, get your gear.
Marshall, I need to get up to the Lookout
and see what happened to the windmill.
Let's use your truck.
I'm on it.
Careful, Ryder.
Will do, Marshall.
[grunts]
[beeps]
[Ryder] A windmill blade broke.
That's why there's no electricity.
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
-Pups, we have a special emergency.
-[beeps]
The strong winds broke a blade
on one of the windmills.
That's why there's no power on Main Street
or here at the Lookout. We need to fix it.
[beeps]
Rocky, I need you to find something
in your truck to fix the broken blade.
Green means go!
[beeps]
[Ryder] Marshall, we'll need your ladder
to climb up and fix the windmill.
I'm fired up, Ryder!
Ryder, what about Chase's party?
You're in charge of that, Skye.
[beeps]
Chase, the traffic lights won't work
without electricity.
I need your siren and megaphone
to help direct traffic.
These paws uphold the laws.
Skye, Rubble, and Zuma,
you know what to do.
-[both] Yeah!
-Let's do this.
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
♪ Rocky! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[siren blares]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
Ready to go, Ryder.
Ryder, you coming?
[Ryder] Wait a sec.
[grunts] Almost…
[grunts]
Got it! PAW Patrol is on a roll.
[tires squeal]
[sirens blaring]
Time to save Chase's party.
But all the lights are out.
What are we gonna do?
Hmm…
[gasps] We'll have a party in the dark!
Yeah! We'll give Chase
the best surprise birthday party,
in the dark,
ever!
[howls]
[all howl]
[horns honking]
We can't even cross
the street in this mess
and it's getting dark.
Uh-oh! Good thing Chase is on the case.
[horns honking]
Megaphone! [barks]
Okay, everyone going this way, go now.
Okay, stop.
All the cars going that way, go now.
Okay, now it's safe to cross.
Our hero.
Just doing my PAW Patrol duty.
[siren blaring]
[truck beeping]
Let's get the electricity
working for Chase's party.
I'll take the broken blade down, Rocky.
I'll find something to fix it with.
Marshall, I need your ladder.
Coming right up.
Ladder! [barks]
All right, let set up
Chase's party in the dark!
We have to have some games.
Let's show them, Katie.
Take it, Skye.
-[Zuma] Shadow puppets, cool!
-[laughs]
[meows]
We can play flashlight tag. I'm it!
[both laugh]
-[barks]
-Tag, Skye. You're it.
[all laugh]
Once this windmill is fixed,
the lights on Main Street will be back on.
Okay, Rocky, you're up!
On it, Ryder!
I have got the perfect thing in here…
somewhere.
Lawn chair, nope.
An old tire, nope.
Great!
Zuma's old surfboard.
Why trash it when you can stash it?
That's perfect.
This surfboard will catch a breeze
and turn it into electricity.
And… done. [barks]
Coming down!
With the surfboard attached to the blade
and the blade back on the windmill,
we should be all set.
The wind is picking up again.
[Rocky] Hey, it works!
[Ryder]
That should get the electricity back on.
-[all] Yeah!
-[Ryder] We did it!
[Rocky barks]
[Zuma] You're it, Rubble.
Playing in the dark is really fun.
[whirring]
-Yay, lights!
-Thank goodness.
Ryder and the PAW Patrol did it!
But there's no time to make a cake.
Hmm… I have an idea.
[howls]
Ryder and the PAW Patrol fixed it!
All right, everyone, it's safe to cross.
Whoo-hoo! Thanks, Chase.
Guess my job here is done.
Chase, change of plans.
We need you at Katie's, in a hurry.
-Okay, Ryder. On my way!
-[laughs]
[siren blares]
Skye, head's up, Chase is on his way.
-And so are we.
-Great.
The surprise is
all ready.
[siren blaring]
Hello? Anybody home?
[all] Surprise!
-Whoa!
-Happy birthday, Chase.
We couldn't make you a regular cake,
so I hope you like your dog cookie cake.
Wow! You guys turned the lights back on
and made a party for me?
Whenever it's your birthday,
just yelp for help.
[all laugh]
[laughs]
It's Chase's birthday party,
but you've all been really good pups.
Make a wish.
[inhales]
-Wait for me!
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-[giggles]
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
-[laughs]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
-[clucks]
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[all laughing]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
Happy birthday, Chase.
This is the best birthday ever!
[Katie] Chase, you're it.
[Chase] Chase is on the case.
[all laughing]
[theme music playing]